[Music]
twelve unexpected uses for vicks vapor
rub we all know vicks vapor rub as our
good friend and Ally and fighting colds
its main ingredients camphor menthol and
eucalyptus help relieve a cold and nasal
congestion however these are not the
only benefits of the product it also has
some super powers like relieving
headaches and back pains disciplining
your pet and even reducing belly fat we
put together a list of 12 alternative
but amazing uses for vicks vapor rub
we're pretty sure you've never heard any
of them 12 works as an insect repellent
imagine it's a perfect day and you
decide to spend some quality time
outside with your family a few hours
later you come back covered in little
red stinking dots and your kids are
crying does it sound familiar to you we
all run out of repellents from time to
time or leave them at home but it does
not mean we should let insects ruin our
day try using an open vicks vapor rub
jar to repel mosquitoes flies and other
insects say adios to mosquitoes 11
relieves headaches just like mosquitos
headaches come when you want them least
of all and ruin your day in fact none of
us hardly ever wants to have a headache
good news is vicks vapor rub can help
you to relieve it menthol one of its
main ingredients helps lower blood
pressure in your head and as a result
relieves pain just rub a little on your
forehead and enjoy the result you can
thank us later
ten takes good care of your feet your
feet can take you far in life if you
treat them properly if you don't believe
in all those overpriced foot care
products try your good old friend vicks
vapor rub before going to bed apply some
of it to your heels especially to the
cracked and dry areas and put your socks
on make sure you're using old socks
because the next day they will have a
super strong menthol smell in the
morning wash your feet with cold water
use a pumice stone to scrub away dead
skin and then apply your regular foot
care product keep doing so every night
and you'll soon see noticeable results 9
prevents pet incidents we all love our
cute furry friends but we find them much
less cute when they pee inside our house
if it happens in your home and it makes
you unhappy we're glad to tell you there
is a way out
leave some Vicks in those places where
the incidents happen more often
veterinarians say both dogs and cats
can't stand the smell of Vicks so this
method will definitely work eight stops
your cat from ruining your furniture
while you are watching this video your
cat might be busy ruining that new
expensive fancy couch you just got if
you immediately felt the urge to check
on it the next use of Vicks is what you
need just leave some vapor rub there on
your furniture doors or curtains your
furry little friend will learn their
lesson and stop ruining your furniture
from now on you no longer have to worry
about your stuff getting ruined 7
reduces stretch marks stretch marks
maybe you got them after you had your
baby or lost weight good job in either
case unless you want to keep your
stretch marks as battle scars we have
something to share with you rub some
vicks vapor rub on your stretch marks
and in just two weeks you will see that
they gradually become less visible
six treats toenail fungus when was the
last time you wore flip-flops or open
toe heels you prefer not to we get it
you have your reasons if you suffer from
toenail fungus try applying some Vicks
to the affected nail every night and
then put your socks on the next day wash
your feet and flip off as much infected
nail as possible repeat every night
until your nails recover completely
you will rock those open shoes we
promise five helps you get rid of
bruises bruises are either a sign you
have an active lifestyle or you have
trouble getting around your house and
get attacked by furniture if it happens
to you gently rub some dicks vapor rub
on your bruise and observe the healing
process the ointment will reduce all the
swelling and the bruise itself will
disappear faster for relieves earache
the next use of Vicks is quite something
to relieve an earache put a small cotton
ball with vicks vapor rub in your ear
and leave it there for a few hours until
you see your doctor remember although
this method does help relieve ear pain
it doesn't cure the infection itself so
you need to consult your health
professional as soon as possible
three brings noticeable results on your
face you probably think what else can
Vic's possibly do to surprise me even
more well it can take your acne and
pimples away apply a thin layer of vicks
vapor rub to the problem areas leave it
overnight and clean your face in the
morning be persistent and you will see
positive changes very soon to relieves
muscle and back pain we have some great
news for you sports stars if your back
and muscles are killing you after
intensive training VIX is there for you
thanks to its natural ingredients vicks
vapor rub helps relax stressed muscles
if you're suffering from tennis elbow
try massaging some Vicks on the affected
area until the pain is gone
[Music]
finally the moment you've all been
waiting for prepare to be amazed for
this is truly mind-blowing one helps get
rid of belly fat dicks can help you get
rid of belly fat mix one tablespoon of
crushed tablet camper one tbsp of
alcohol one tablespoon of baking soda
and a half jar of vicks vapor rub until
you get a paste before doing their
physical exercises apply this paste to
your abdomen or to the area that you
plan to work on and wrap yourself with
plastic wrap when you finish your
workout rinse with plenty of water
having the same effect as those
expensive slimming creams such homemade
applications perform two to three times
a week can make a real difference to
keep it safe and effective follow some
general recommendations before you use
vick's vapo rugs just like any other
product that is used on the skin vicks
vapor rub must be tested on your skin
before you use it to see if you have an
allergic reaction put some Dix on the
back of your hand and watch it for a
while if you notice burning redness or
any other symptoms don't use it at all
the product shouldn't be used on
children under two as it can adversely
affect the respiratory tract if you have
doubts always consult your doctor before
using stay healthy and creative and give
us thumbs up if you enjoyed watching
this video subscribe to our channel to
always stay on the bright side of life
[Music]